Game:
  beginning: "As the credits rolled and the audience cheered, the game designer watched on anxiously from the corner of the room. He knew that his creation had been a hit, but he also knew it wasn't perfect. The controls felt a little too tight, and the story, while original, left much to be desired. Still, it was enough to launch his company into the big leagues, and he couldn't be happier. The game designer took a deep breath and stepped up to the front of the room. He cleared his throat and glanced over the crowd of gamers. It was a pretty modest turnout, but he'd been working on this game for years and couldn't be more proud to finally see it in the hands of the people that mattered most. He paused for effect and raised his arms triumphantly. The crowd laughed and clapped, and he knew he'd made it. He could finally call himself a real game designer. The game designer walked up to the mic and took a deep breath. He smiled and nodded at the crowd. They'd been pretty tough on him all day long, and he was happy to finally have their approval. 'Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to introduce the next big game by my company. It's called 'The Great Escape.'" "The Great Escape" was an adventure game where you played an unfortunate prisoner who had just been transferred to a maximum security prison. Your goal was to escape the prison, but there was a catch. The warden had placed one of his best guards in front of the prison gates, ready to shoot you the moment you tried to escape. How could you escape when your only chance of escape was dead before you even got close? The game designer ended his introduction and stepped back to the corner of the room. He was beaming with pride. He still had to fix a few things here and there, but the game had gone over really well. He'd fixed up some of the controls issues, and the stories were definitely more on point. He knew it could be a real hit. He also knew he might need a whole new game soon, but he wouldn't begrage that. Being a game designer was his dream since he was a kid, and he couldn't imagine doing anything else. The game designer turned back to the crowd and started to explain some of the finer points of the game. He was in his element now, and he was enjoying himself more than he'd ever imagined possible. He saw the light bulb flip on for some people, and he got a few laughs here and there. It was more work than he was used to, but it was the kind of challenge the game designer was built for. He looked over at his head of programming who just winked at him. They had their work cut out for them, but it was the kind of challenge the game designer was built for. The game designer waved to his team and walked back to the corner to join his programmer for a quick victory dance. 'The Great Escape' was an multiplayer game. After his initial playtest, he decided to get some people over for a party to play through the game together. It was the best idea he'd had in a long time, and he couldn't wait to see how everyone reacted. He looked over at his head of programming who just winked at him. They had their work cut out for them, but it was the kind of challenge the game designer was built for. The game designer waved to his team and walked back to the corner to join his programmer for a quick victory dance.
```