```yaml
age: 27
background:
  character grew up in a strict, religious family. They had a hard time reconciling their religious beliefs with their own feelings and ideas. As a result, they tended to keep to themselves, preferring to spend their free time alone. In spite of their upbringing, the character now enjoys the finer things in life - from food to music. They are an expert in a particular type of art and take pride in producing their own.
first_name: |
  The character has a name that is part of their family tradition - usually starting with a grandfather. They prefer to be called by their first name in order to break away from their family's traditions. They are a person of few words, but their presence is always felt and respected by others.
id: |  
  The character has a unique ID number assigned to them by their government. It is their way of tracking individuals for taxation purposes or to control their movements. They are usually able to find loopholes in any system and they take pride in their intelligence.
last_name: |  
  The character has a surname that is passed down in their family. It is meant to be a sign of pride and a way to honor their ancestors. The character takes pride in their family's long history and often carries their heritage with them.
physical_appearance:
  character is of average height and weight, but has a slightly athletic build. Their hair is a bit dark, usually kept short, and has a tendency to get a bit unruly on their head. Their eyes are bright blue, like most of their family. They have a few scars on their body, usually from their years of playing a particular type of game.
place_of_birth: |  
  The character was born and raised in a small town, surrounded by forests and a peaceful landscape. They are very familiar with their town and the surrounding areas, having spent their childhood wandering around the woods. The character is well-known by those around them as a trustworthy, strong, and reliable individual.
weight: |  
  The character is slight of build but has a way of taking care of themselves. They enjoy staying active and taking up various forms of exercise, ranging from soccer to weightlifting. They are a natural athlete and are often seen playing sports, but is not very competitive with those they compete against.
species: |  
  The character is a human being. However, they are known for being a bit more mysterious than most. There is an air of mystery and a bit of magic aura around their presence, and many believe they have some kind of supernatural power even now. They are very good at understanding themselves and their powers, able to use them to their advantage.
```