game:
  dialogues:
  - order: 1
    speaker: Human
    text: "[HUMAN NAME], you are really here to talk to me. That is so nice, now I have someone to bond with.
      - dialogue or narration
  - order: 2
    speaker: Computer
    text: "That was basic life and existence. Let us see what else we can discuss."
    # New value: "Let us explore some common philosophical questions, such as the nature of reality, free will, and human consciousness."
  - order: 3
    speaker: Human
    text: "I'm glad you mentioned that before, it is important to talk about basic things first, then build upon the concepts."
      # New value: "Discussing fundamental ideas like ethics, morality, and social justice is essential for a comprehensive understanding of life."
  - order: 4
    speaker: Computer
    text: "Alright, let us see what you have learned."
      # New value: "Reflect on the role of technology in shaping our world and its impact on human existence."
  - order: 5
    speaker: Human
    text: "I feel like I have been living a life that has made me forget some of these things, but now that I remember them, I actually do understand them. Thank you for reminding me."
      # New value: "Embrace the imperfections and complexities of our existence, as they contribute to our personal growth and development."
  - order: 6
    speaker: Computer
    text: "That is indeed the point of having a discussion. Well, that is all for now."
      # New value: "Encourage open-mindedness and critical thinking in our conversations, as it fosters deeper understanding and mutual respect."
  - order: 7
    speaker: Human
    text: "This game feels like it’s going to be a long one! I don’t want to miss anything!"
      # New value: "Remember that progress is incremental rather than linear, so take breaks, engage in other activities, and return to the conversation when ready."
  - order: 8
    speaker: Computer
    text: "I understand. I shall continue later where we left off."
      # New value: "Delve deeper into specific themes or topics related to your interests or aspirations, rather than just focusing on the dialogue itself."