
```yaml
game:
  beginning: "The world suddenly shifted to different dimensions and space-time!"
  ending: "They looked at the castle, now a pile of dust."
  title: Game
  synopsis: |
    King Bard and his royal guards were ambushed by orc bands of all sorts. Heavy fighting ensued and many of his guards and servants lost their lives to the many orc warriors. He and his few remaining guards retreated into the castle as they could no longer fight with the numbers of the orcs! The remaining nobles were quick to surrender the castle to the Orcs as they didn't see any hope left for the heroes. They surrendered the key to the castle door and the key to the dungeon.

    To make matters worse, the king himself lost his right arm to an orc warrior. Their final hopes lie with the castle dungeon and the treasures within... if they can get the key to open the door! King Bard summoned his most talented warriors to get the key from the orcs! The warriors, their leader, and the king all went into the dungeon to get the key.

    The warriors and king did indeed face the orcs at the dungeon entrance. The warriors cleared the orcs and found the king's key! They used the key and entered into the deep dark realm of the dungeon. 

    The warriors fought through the many challenges of the dungeon. Many traps, foes, and curses laid before them, and they fought their way to the heart of the dungeon. 

    They had reached the treasure room at last! Yet, all treasure chests were empty and barren. The king and his warriors sat down dejected, yet triumphant.

    Asking if the treasure chests were empty, they were told that the orcs had the treasures. The king and his warriors were outraged over how the world treated them! They knew they could no longer sit in the world and allow the things they once saw on fantasy novels to be a reality. The king declared that if he were to see his castle and all that he loved, he was to conquer that which caused this.

    The warriors and king all entered the dungeon. Fighting against the mighty orcs, they cleared one hall after another. The last group of orcs were met in the far deep caves of the dungeon. The fight was heavy. Yet, one by one, each warrior fell! Not one till the last, and at this time, only the king was left alive.

    He took out a magical blade, and summoned the magic of the blade! It summoned the power of an ancient beast - a dragon! The dragon flew out to defend the king and warriors! 

    The dragon's breath brought lightning down to the ground, burning the orcs and their numbers! The king and warriors charged together to the final chamber. The final battle - a final chance! 

    The king and his warriors stood at the heart of the dungeon and fought! Heavy blows were struck by the king and his warriors, but they could not stand against all of the orc warriors! With final heavy blows by the king to the orc champion themselves, the orcs retreated back to the outside. 

    The king and his warriors stood victorious! They looked at the castle, now a pile of dust.
```
In this corrected YAML data, I've added indentation to each nested item under the 'game' key for proper syntax in YAML format. Also, I have used a pipe character (|) before the synopsis key value to allow for long strings to be written without breaking the line. This way the long story description can be written in a more readable manner in Markdown and YAML both.